[Music]
[Music] again in the ninth year in the tenth
again in the ninth year in the tenth
again in the ninth year in the tenth month on the tenth day of the month the
month on the tenth day of the month the
month on the tenth day of the month the word of the Lord came to me son of man
word of the Lord came to me son of man
word of the Lord came to me son of man write down the name of the day this very
write down the name of the day this very
write down the name of the day this very day the king of Babylon started his
day the king of Babylon started his
day the king of Babylon started his siege against Jerusalem this very day
siege against Jerusalem this very day
siege against Jerusalem this very day and utter a parable to the rebellious
and utter a parable to the rebellious
and utter a parable to the rebellious house and say to them thus says the Lord
house and say to them thus says the Lord
house and say to them thus says the Lord God put on a pot set it on and also pour
God put on a pot set it on and also pour
God put on a pot set it on and also pour water into it gather pieces of meat in
water into it gather pieces of meat in
water into it gather pieces of meat in it every good piece the thigh and the
it every good piece the thigh and the
it every good piece the thigh and the shoulder fill it with choice cuts take
shoulder fill it with choice cuts take
shoulder fill it with choice cuts take the choice of the flock also pile fuel
the choice of the flock also pile fuel
the choice of the flock also pile fuel burns under it make it boil well and let
burns under it make it boil well and let
burns under it make it boil well and let the cuts simmer in it therefore thus
the cuts simmer in it therefore thus
the cuts simmer in it therefore thus says the Lord God
says the Lord God
says the Lord God woe to the bloody City to the part whose
woe to the bloody City to the part whose
woe to the bloody City to the part whose scum is in it and whose scum has not
scum is in it and whose scum has not
scum is in it and whose scum has not gone from it bring it out piece by piece
gone from it bring it out piece by piece
gone from it bring it out piece by piece on which no lot has fallen for her blood
on which no lot has fallen for her blood
on which no lot has fallen for her blood is in her midst she set it on top of a
is in her midst she set it on top of a
is in her midst she set it on top of a rock she did not pour it on the ground
rock she did not pour it on the ground
rock she did not pour it on the ground to cover it with dust that it may raise
to cover it with dust that it may raise
to cover it with dust that it may raise up fury and take vengeance I have set
up fury and take vengeance I have set
up fury and take vengeance I have set her blood on top of a rock that it may
her blood on top of a rock that it may
her blood on top of a rock that it may not be covered therefore thus says the
not be covered therefore thus says the
not be covered therefore thus says the Lord God whoa - the bloody City I - will
Lord God whoa - the bloody City I - will
Lord God whoa - the bloody City I - will make the pyre great heap on the wood
make the pyre great heap on the wood
make the pyre great heap on the wood kindled fire cook the meat well mix in
kindled fire cook the meat well mix in
kindled fire cook the meat well mix in the spices and let the cuts be burned up
the spices and let the cuts be burned up
the spices and let the cuts be burned up then set the pot empty on the coals that
then set the pot empty on the coals that
then set the pot empty on the coals that it may become hot and it's bronze may
it may become hot and it's bronze may
it may become hot and it's bronze may burn that it's filthiness may be melted
burn that it's filthiness may be melted
burn that it's filthiness may be melted in it that it's scum may be consumed she
in it that it's scum may be consumed she
in it that it's scum may be consumed she has grown weary with lies and her great
has grown weary with lies and her great
has grown weary with lies and her great scum has not gone from her let her scum
scum has not gone from her let her scum
scum has not gone from her let her scum be in the fire in your filthiness is
be in the fire in your filthiness is
be in the fire in your filthiness is lewdness because I have cleansed you and
lewdness because I have cleansed you and
lewdness because I have cleansed you and you were not cleansed you will not be
you were not cleansed you will not be
you were not cleansed you will not be cleansed of your filthiness anymore till
cleansed of your filthiness anymore till
cleansed of your filthiness anymore till I have caused my fury to rest upon you I
I have caused my fury to rest upon you I
I have caused my fury to rest upon you I the LORD have spoken it it shall come to
the LORD have spoken it it shall come to
the LORD have spoken it it shall come to pass and I will do it I will not hold
pass and I will do it I will not hold
pass and I will do it I will not hold back nor will i spare nor will i relent
back nor will i spare nor will i relent
back nor will i spare nor will i relent according to your ways and according to
according to your ways and according to
according to your ways and according to your deeds they will judge you says the
your deeds they will judge you says the
your deeds they will judge you says the Lord God also the word of the Lord came
Lord God also the word of the Lord came
Lord God also the word of the Lord came to me saying son of man behold I take
to me saying son of man behold I take
to me saying son of man behold I take away from you the desire of your eyes
away from you the desire of your eyes
away from you the desire of your eyes with one stroke it you shall neither
with one stroke it you shall neither
with one stroke it you shall neither more nor weep nor shall your tears run
more nor weep nor shall your tears run
more nor weep nor shall your tears run down sigh in silence make no mourning
down sigh in silence make no mourning
down sigh in silence make no mourning for the dead find your turban on your
for the dead find your turban on your
for the dead find your turban on your head and put your sandals on your feet
head and put your sandals on your feet
head and put your sandals on your feet do not cover your lips and do not eat
do not cover your lips and do not eat
do not cover your lips and do not eat man's bread of Psalm
man's bread of Psalm
man's bread of Psalm [Music]
[Music]
[Music] so I spoke to the people in the morning
so I spoke to the people in the morning
so I spoke to the people in the morning and at evening my wife died and the next
and at evening my wife died and the next
and at evening my wife died and the next morning I did as I was commanded and the
morning I did as I was commanded and the
morning I did as I was commanded and the people said to me will you not tell us
people said to me will you not tell us
people said to me will you not tell us what these things signify to us that you
what these things signify to us that you
what these things signify to us that you behave so then I answered them the word
behave so then I answered them the word
behave so then I answered them the word of the Lord came to me saying speak to
of the Lord came to me saying speak to
of the Lord came to me saying speak to the house of Israel thus says the Lord
the house of Israel thus says the Lord
the house of Israel thus says the Lord God behold I will profane my sanctuary
God behold I will profane my sanctuary
God behold I will profane my sanctuary you're arrogant boast
you're arrogant boast
you're arrogant boast the desire of your eyes the delight of
the desire of your eyes the delight of
the desire of your eyes the delight of your soul and your sons and daughters
your soul and your sons and daughters
your soul and your sons and daughters whom you left behind shall fall by the
whom you left behind shall fall by the
whom you left behind shall fall by the sword and you shall do as I have done
sword and you shall do as I have done
sword and you shall do as I have done you shall not cover your lips nor eat
you shall not cover your lips nor eat
you shall not cover your lips nor eat man's bread of sorrow your turban shall
man's bread of sorrow your turban shall
man's bread of sorrow your turban shall be on your heads and your sandals on
be on your heads and your sandals on
be on your heads and your sandals on your feet you shall neither mourn nor
your feet you shall neither mourn nor
your feet you shall neither mourn nor weep but you shall pine away in your
weep but you shall pine away in your
weep but you shall pine away in your iniquities and mourn with one another
iniquities and mourn with one another
iniquities and mourn with one another thus Ezekiel is a sign to you according
thus Ezekiel is a sign to you according
thus Ezekiel is a sign to you according to all that he has done you shall do and
to all that he has done you shall do and
to all that he has done you shall do and when this comes you shall know that I am
when this comes you shall know that I am
when this comes you shall know that I am the Lord God and you son of man will it
the Lord God and you son of man will it
the Lord God and you son of man will it not be in the day when I take from them
not be in the day when I take from them
not be in the day when I take from them their stronghold their joy and their
their stronghold their joy and their
their stronghold their joy and their glory
glory
glory the desire of their eyes and that on
the desire of their eyes and that on
the desire of their eyes and that on which they set their minds their sons
which they set their minds their sons
which they set their minds their sons and their daughters that on that day one
and their daughters that on that day one
and their daughters that on that day one who escapes will come to you to let you
who escapes will come to you to let you
who escapes will come to you to let you hear it with your ears on that day your
hear it with your ears on that day your
hear it with your ears on that day your mouth will be open to him who has
mouth will be open to him who has
mouth will be open to him who has escaped you shall speak and no longer be
escaped you shall speak and no longer be
escaped you shall speak and no longer be mute thus you will be assigned to them
mute thus you will be assigned to them
mute thus you will be assigned to them and they shall know that I am the Lord
and they shall know that I am the Lord
and they shall know that I am the Lord you